[Music]
as you know we love it when you send us
your ideas it's the port we should yeah
and a few weeks ago we had a video
request with some of our YouTube friends
check it out
hi everyone I'm Ingrid or missglamorazzi
on YouTube and I am here with Fleur or
flood force on YouTube and we have a
challenge for the sorted food crew so we
would like a Valentine's Day meal that
is impressive but still easy to do so
you don't have to be in the kitchen and
hours and hours yeah
before you know instead of getting a bit
romantic or maybe just having fun with
your friends yeah it's like it in my
case I think we don't have anyone to
look for you can spend Valentine's Day
with your friends and we do also have
another request is that vary from salted
foods could please be in the videos
world yes a particular favorite of ours
yeah so yeah so hopefully you will be
able to get us all sorted and yeah we'll
turn it over to you guys but okay that
was a great request what we gonna cook
we're gonna do a really nice green salad
with asparagus and speak troops palms
and horseradish cream with really really
nice flavors quite posh
fancy it's so simple okay and I guess
you better follow up on the second half
of Christmas get your meters record
check honestly yeah I mean say fast to
kiss first things first we need to get
some asparagus into the oven we don't
mean anything we don't mean it
sure well we do is a so first thing
special asparagus gonna roast it off in
the oven these are quite fun now
they do say there's an aphrodisiac but
that reason basically which blade would
en asparagus eat it at the end
yep just snap it on we're smacks
naturally put it on but we need put my
name okay just get rid of those it's
just maybe if you need and in there a
little bit of oil wonderful was gone
lose everything up as well
so enjoy making this very simple sweet
foot even done it doesn't take much time
good flavors as well and pepper yeah
spice things up which would you make it
yes yes if Ingrid was ever in town more
than happy to cook like that hey play
into the oven really hot oven they're
giving this about five minutes or so
cool and meanwhile if we can just chop
up offbeat tree
so you'll be a color of love cut them
into ruff-ruff chunk it's not too small
are you gonna meet warm in a minute but
they're already cooked and Jamie yeah I
need you to make this dressing so a
little bit of horseradish sauce a couple
teaspoons of that and a little plug of
oil yeah do it salt and some pepper
reach across set lots of color lots of
fresh light not too heavy
you don't anything too heavy it about to
have a romantic meal that might need
somewhere else
what's it yeah I've got some spring
onions lipstick beautiful and also we've
got some garlic bread now you know what
how about garlic and a romantic meal
sweaty very smooth absolutely
both you have it so we're gonna put that
into the oven as well with our asparagus
just to warm through takes up nicely see
our asparagus I've already started the
roaster place it's not completely
finished but we're gonna put them back
in the oven with a b-tree so if you just
put beetroot in there as well and also
he's gonna take our garlic bread out cuz
that's lovely and crisp beating we can
have that just a second and then back
into the oven to warm through yeah of
some peaches cooks it just needs a
couple minutes to warm through that part
of it so next for the last few bits and
greens together chunk of parmesan if you
just take shavings of that I'm use a
potato field if this is all you're very
ashamed of the day
is always better better than actually
grating it you get natural two nice big
chunks on the other side the board very
few fine shops and closely I've already
got the spring onions ready there yeah
jump through the whole thing when you
pull up the plates no sort of the colors
and the ingredients and sales or what
makes it attractive so the last bring
the big breakfast dish all together it's
been placing up and making it look
fantastic from start so get some of our
beetroot
loads of flavors all complimenting each
other lovely asparagus cook this with a
slight crunch there as well and if you
guys can shave over your parmesan and
the spring onions
Jamie's finesse yeah next look finally
our dressing and she's just drops across
the plate Wow like this is quite as
strong so you don't need too much black
pepper sway there we go and just to
finish off couple the last few pieces of
beetroot and there we have it so for
Ingrid and Fleur this is the ideal start
to Valentine's meal if you do want a
main course and dessert to follow then
by all means try a dark with smoked
match and open it up and across a great
three-course combination so would you
recognize yeah from the work if that
doesn't work nothing will fantastic it's
a warm asparagus and beetroot salad sort
it lovely
[Music]